Kia ora students and caregivers!

In Science we have just completed the Energy for Life topic and are moving on to Science Fair! You have by now had a period where we discussed the unit and outlined the overall goal: to do an investigation and report on it using a Science Fair board. 

These boards will be displayed in Week 2 next Term on Thursday evening (formal invitation to come later).

Science Fair by its nature is a very flexible few weeks where students are encouraged to investigate something that interests them. So far I have groups looking at everything from bike types and downhill speeds, to the best cleaner to use on coins, how different golf club shafts affect range, hydrocarbon fuels and the energy they contain, and how different flours affect cookies. The world is your oyster! The most important thing is to have fun, investigate something you are interested, and answer a question in a scientific manner!

We will be working on Science Fair in class for the remainder of this term, and the first week of next term. Students are encouraged to do as much as possible during class, but some projects may require work outside of the classroom.

Please take the time to discuss project ideas and refinements with your student/caregivers so that you can make the best and most interesting project possible!

Science Fair boards can be purchased new for $8 from the Uniform Shop, or you can ask Mr L for an old one which you can do up (available while stocks last). Alternatively, make your own one at home! Anything goes.

I have attached a PDF of the Google Slides document that each group will work through. These slides are made to be printed off and put on your board. They are a good guide but you may, of course, do something different!

Last but not least, at the end of the PDF you can see the marking schedule. That is a good way to see how a project is judged on its scientific merits!

Best of luck and I can't wait to see what you come up with!

Mā te wā,
Mr Finn Le Sueur