Year Parent/Caregiver

I would like to introduce myself as <First Name>’s form teacher for 2022 at Cashmere High School.

My name is Finn Le Sueur and I can be contacted via my school email address <TeacherEmail>. I will be teaching <First Name> in Science this year.

The form class <First Name> is in is called <Class> and the room we regularly meet in is A25.

There will be information provided regarding how NCEA works, for parents and caregivers, early during Term 1. How this information will be shared is yet to be determined, pending Code Red restrictions for gatherings. Please rest assured that both you and <First Name> will get plenty of explanations of how NCEA works! In the interim, this site is extremely helpful: https://www.nzqa.govt.nz/ncea/understanding-ncea/.

Many new and vibrant opportunities are available to all students this year – joining sports groups, various school trips and numerous clubs or interest groups are about to get up and running, with many more to be initiated over the coming weeks. Most of these opportunities require students to listen carefully to daily notices and/or check these notices online or via the school app (more info below). They may also need to attend meetings as they are announced. Regularly reading the school notices online is advised for students to keep up with opportunities. 

An important site to keep an eye on is the parent portal. You can log in with the details provided at the beginning of the year. Here you will be able to see the daily notices, student timetables, check attendance, as well as the school calendar, reports and financial accounts. The Sporty website, www.sporty.co.nz/cashmere/Home-1, is the place to go for information on sports groups at school, as well as information about trials, practices and registration.

Absences can be notified either by ringing 03 332 9129 and leaving a message with your student's name, form class and reason for absence. Alternatively, you can send a notification through our school app. A text message will be sent out to parents/caregivers of any student who is absent in Period 1 or 2 without the school being notified. Two days are given for students to clear any absences, but then detentions are issued. One detention per missed class, and one detention per every two latenesses to class. 

The Head of School, Ms Margaux Hlavac, hvm@cashmere.school.nz, supports my role as a form teacher. I would ask you to ring the school office if there are any changes to personal details or contact numbers etc. which may have changed recently.  

Please feel free to email me if you have anything you want to discuss.  

Let’s hope for a fruitful and rewarding Year 11 school year.

Mā te wā,
Finn Le Sueur